reference/faq.mdx, before:

---
title: "FAQ"
sidebarTitle: "FAQ"
description: "Frequently asked questions about using the Vaani platform."
icon: "circle-question"
---

import { Info, Tip } from "mintlify/components";

## General

### What is Vaani?
Vaani is a platform for building, deploying, and managing AI-powered voice agents that handle phone calls in real-time — for support, sales, appointment scheduling, and more.

### Who is Vaani for?
- **Businesses** automating phone support, appointment scheduling, or outbound campaigns
- **Contact centers** augmenting human agents with AI assistants
- **Developers** building voice AI integrations via the API

### What languages are supported?
Depends on the AI providers configured for your agent:
- **Deepgram:** 36+ languages including English, Spanish, French, German, Japanese
- **Sarvam:** Indian languages (Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, etc.)
- **OpenAI:** Multiple languages

Language is configured per-agent in the agent settings.

---

## Features

### How many calls can run at the same time?
This is set by your platform administrator. The system tracks active calls and automatically queues new ones when at capacity.

### Can I use my own phone numbers?
Yes. Use the **Register SIP Trunk** feature to connect existing phone numbers from any SIP-compatible provider.

### Does the agent remember previous conversations?
Each call is a separate session. The agent does not retain memory across calls. However, you can pass context via **dynamic variables** to personalize each call.

### Can agents query external APIs during calls?
Yes, via **Custom Functions**. Configure webhook-based tools that the agent can invoke during conversations — for example, checking inventory, looking up orders, or booking appointments.

### Can I embed the voice agent on my website?
Yes. The **VUI Widget** is an embeddable component that lets website visitors talk to your agent directly in the browser, without needing a phone.

### What's the difference between Batch Jobs and Campaigns?
**Batch Jobs** are the recommended way to run outbound calling at scale — they support scheduling, concurrency control, per-call tracking, and automatic retry. **Campaigns** are a simpler option for quick, small-scale outbound calls.

---

## Account & Billing

### Is there billing or payment integration?
The platform tracks costs per call (covering LLM, speech-to-text, text-to-speech, and platform fees). Full billing integration with a payment gateway is not yet available.

### How do I invite team members?
Go to **Workspace Settings** → **Members** → **Invite**. Enter their email and choose a role (Member, Developer, or Admin).

### Can I belong to multiple workspaces?
Yes. You can be a member of multiple workspaces with different roles in each. Use the workspace switcher in the dashboard to change your active workspace.

---

## Troubleshooting

### My agent isn't answering calls. What should I check?
1. Verify the phone number is properly mapped to your agent in **Phone Numbers**
2. Check that your agent is not paused or misconfigured
3. Look at **Call Logs** for any error entries
4. Contact your administrator if the issue persists

### Call recordings aren't playing back
Recordings may take a moment to process after a call ends. If the recording still doesn't appear after a few minutes, check your call log — the recording link expires after 1 hour, but a new one is generated each time you view the log.

### I can't create agents or phone numbers
Your role may not have sufficient permissions. **Member** accounts are read-only. Ask your workspace **Admin** to upgrade your role to **Developer** or **Admin**.

<Tip>For API-related questions, see the [API Reference](/api-reference/overview). For developer and deployment questions, see the [Developer Guide](/developer-guide/overview).</Tip>

Commit message:

added Campaign with Vaani dialer doc.n

reference/faq.mdx, after:

---
title: "FAQ"
sidebarTitle: "FAQ"
description: "Frequently asked questions about using the Vaani platform."
icon: "circle-question"
---

import { Info, Tip } from "mintlify/components";

## General

### What is Vaani?
Vaani is a platform for building, deploying, and managing AI-powered voice agents that handle phone calls in real-time — for support, sales, appointment scheduling, and more.

### Who is Vaani for?
- **Businesses** automating phone support, appointment scheduling, or outbound campaigns
- **Contact centers** augmenting human agents with AI assistants
- **Developers** building voice AI integrations via the API

### What languages are supported?
Depends on the AI providers configured for your agent:
- **Deepgram:** 36+ languages including English, Spanish, French, German, Japanese
- **Sarvam:** Indian languages (Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, etc.)
- **OpenAI:** Multiple languages

Language is configured per-agent in the agent settings.

---

## Features

### How many calls can run at the same time?
This is set by your platform administrator. The system tracks active calls and automatically queues new ones when at capacity.

### Can I use my own phone numbers?
Yes. Use the **Register SIP Trunk** feature to connect existing phone numbers from any SIP-compatible provider.

### Does the agent remember previous conversations?
Each call is a separate session. The agent does not retain memory across calls. However, you can pass context via **dynamic variables** to personalize each call.

### Can agents query external APIs during calls?
Yes, via **Custom Functions**. Configure webhook-based tools that the agent can invoke during conversations — for example, checking inventory, looking up orders, or booking appointments.

### Can I embed the voice agent on my website?
Yes. The **VUI Widget** is an embeddable component that lets website visitors talk to your agent directly in the browser, without needing a phone.

### What's the difference between Batch Jobs and Campaigns?
**Campaigns** are the full-featured outbound dialer — they offer prospect list management, timezone-aware scheduling, DNC compliance, call ratio controls, dispositions, and automated reporting. **Batch Jobs** are simpler and better suited for quick, one-off call lists. For new outbound projects, we recommend Campaigns.

### How does timezone-aware dialing work in Campaigns?
When you set earliest/latest call times on a campaign, the system automatically determines each prospect's local timezone based on their phone number's area code and state. It will only place calls during the allowed window in the *prospect's* timezone, not yours.

### What are prospect list priorities?
Each campaign can have multiple prospect lists. Higher-priority lists are dialed first. When the dialer fills its queue (hopper), it selects prospects from the highest-priority list before moving to lower-priority ones.

### How do DNC lists work?
You can assign one or more Do-Not-Call lists to a campaign. Before each call, the system checks if the prospect's phone number appears on any assigned DNC list and skips it if so. You can also set a disposition that automatically adds prospects to the DNC list when applied.

### How are callbacks scheduled in Campaigns?
When an agent applies a disposition with the "callback" flag, the prospect is re-queued at the scheduled callback time. The dialer's hopper picks it up again during the next fill cycle after the callback time has been reached.

---

## Account & Billing

### Is there billing or payment integration?
The platform tracks costs per call (covering LLM, speech-to-text, text-to-speech, and platform fees). Full billing integration with a payment gateway is not yet available.

### How do I invite team members?
Go to **Workspace Settings** → **Members** → **Invite**. Enter their email and choose a role (Member, Developer, or Admin).

### Can I belong to multiple workspaces?
Yes. You can be a member of multiple workspaces with different roles in each. Use the workspace switcher in the dashboard to change your active workspace.

---

## Troubleshooting

### My agent isn't answering calls. What should I check?
1. Verify the phone number is properly mapped to your agent in **Phone Numbers**
2. Check that your agent is not paused or misconfigured
3. Look at **Call Logs** for any error entries
4. Contact your administrator if the issue persists

### Call recordings aren't playing back
Recordings may take a moment to process after a call ends. If the recording still doesn't appear after a few minutes, check your call log — the recording link expires after 1 hour, but a new one is generated each time you view the log.

### I can't create agents or phone numbers
Your role may not have sufficient permissions. **Member** accounts are read-only. Ask your workspace **Admin** to upgrade your role to **Developer** or **Admin**.

<Tip>For API-related questions, see the [API Reference](/api-reference/overview). For developer and deployment questions, see the [Developer Guide](/developer-guide/overview).</Tip>
