reference/glossary.mdx, before:

---
title: "Glossary"
sidebarTitle: "Glossary"
description: "Definitions of key terms used throughout the Vaani platform."
icon: "book-bookmark"
---

## A–D

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **Agent** | An AI-powered virtual assistant that handles phone calls or web chats. You configure its behavior, voice, and personality. |
| **Batch Job** | A set of phone numbers (uploaded via CSV) to be called automatically by an agent, with scheduling and progress tracking. |
| **Batch Item** | A single phone number within a batch job, with its own status (pending, calling, completed, or failed). |
| **Campaign** | A simpler alternative to batch jobs for quick outbound calling without scheduling or retry logic. |
| **Cold Transfer** | Transferring a caller directly to a human agent without any briefing. |
| **Custom Function** | A webhook-based tool that the agent can use during a conversation — for example, checking inventory or booking an appointment. |
| **Disposition** | The outcome category of a call, such as "completed", "transferred", "hung-up", or "do-not-call". |
| **Dynamic Variables** | Placeholders in agent prompts (e.g., `{{customer_name}}`) that are filled in with real data at the time of each call. |

## E–L

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **E.164** | The international phone number format with a `+` prefix and country code (e.g., `+16505551234`). |
| **First Message** | The greeting your agent says when a call connects. |
| **Knowledge Base** | Documents you upload to an agent so it can answer questions using your content during conversations. |
| **LLM** | Large Language Model — the AI that powers the agent's conversation ability (e.g., GPT-4o). |

## M–R

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **RAG** | Retrieval-Augmented Generation — a technique where the agent pulls information from your uploaded documents to give better answers. |
| **RBAC** | Role-Based Access Control — the system that assigns Admin, Developer, or Member permissions within a workspace. |

## S–Z

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **SIP Trunk** | The connection between a phone number and the Vaani platform that enables voice call routing. |
| **STT** | Speech-to-Text — converts the caller's spoken words into text for the agent to understand. |
| **System Prompt** | The instructions that define your agent's personality, behavior, rules, and conversation goals. |
| **TTS** | Text-to-Speech — converts the agent's text responses into natural-sounding spoken audio. |
| **VUI Widget** | The embeddable voice interface component that lets website visitors talk to your agent in the browser. |
| **Warm Transfer** | Transferring a caller to a human agent, with the AI first briefing the human about the conversation. |
| **Workspace** | Your team's organizational unit in Vaani. All agents, calls, and settings belong to a workspace. |

Commit message:

added Campaign with Vaani dialer doc.n

reference/glossary.mdx, after:

---
title: "Glossary"
sidebarTitle: "Glossary"
description: "Definitions of key terms used throughout the Vaani platform."
icon: "book-bookmark"
---

## A–D

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **Agent** | An AI-powered virtual assistant that handles phone calls or web chats. You configure its behavior, voice, and personality. |
| **Batch Job** | A set of phone numbers (uploaded via CSV) to be called automatically by an agent, with scheduling and progress tracking. |
| **Batch Item** | A single phone number within a batch job, with its own status (pending, calling, completed, or failed). |
| **Call Ratio** | The ratio of outgoing calls to available agent sessions. A ratio of 1.5 means 1.5 calls are placed for every available agent. |
| **Callback** | A scheduled follow-up call to a prospect, triggered when a disposition with the "callback" flag is applied. |
| **Campaign** | An advanced outbound calling system with prospect management, timezone-aware scheduling, DNC compliance, dispositions, and dialing controls. |
| **Cold Transfer** | Transferring a caller directly to a human agent without any briefing. |
| **Custom Function** | A webhook-based tool that the agent can use during a conversation — for example, checking inventory or booking an appointment. |
| **Dialer Interval** | How often the dialer checks for new calls to place (measured in seconds, typically 2–15). |
| **Disposition** | The outcome category of a call, such as "interested", "not home", "do-not-call", or "callback". Campaigns use custom dispositions per campaign. |
| **DNC (Do Not Call)** | A compliance list of phone numbers that must not be called. Campaigns enforce DNC automatically. |
| **Dynamic Variables** | Placeholders in agent prompts (e.g., `{{customer_name}}`) that are filled in with real data at the time of each call. |

## E–L

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **E.164** | The international phone number format with a `+` prefix and country code (e.g., `+16505551234`). |
| **First Message** | The greeting your agent says when a call connects. |
| **Knowledge Base** | Documents you upload to an agent so it can answer questions using your content during conversations. |
| **LLM** | Large Language Model — the AI that powers the agent's conversation ability (e.g., GPT-4o). |

## M–R

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **RAG** | Retrieval-Augmented Generation — a technique where the agent pulls information from your uploaded documents to give better answers. |
| **RBAC** | Role-Based Access Control — the system that assigns Admin, Developer, or Member permissions within a workspace. |

## S–Z

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **Prospect** | A contact to be called in a campaign. Each prospect has a phone number, call history, and disposition state. |
| **Prospect List** | A collection of prospects uploaded via CSV. Campaigns can have multiple lists with different priorities. |
| **SIP Trunk** | The connection between a phone number and the Vaani platform that enables voice call routing. |
| **Scheduled Report** | An automated campaign report delivered via email at the end of dialing or at midnight. |
| **STT** | Speech-to-Text — converts the caller's spoken words into text for the agent to understand. |
| **System Prompt** | The instructions that define your agent's personality, behavior, rules, and conversation goals. |
| **TTS** | Text-to-Speech — converts the agent's text responses into natural-sounding spoken audio. |
| **VUI Widget** | The embeddable voice interface component that lets website visitors talk to your agent in the browser. |
| **Warm Transfer** | Transferring a caller to a human agent, with the AI first briefing the human about the conversation. |
| **Workspace** | Your team's organizational unit in Vaani. All agents, calls, and settings belong to a workspace. |
