developer-guide/dev-glossary.mdx, before:

---
title: "Glossary"
sidebarTitle: "Glossary"
description: "Definitions of all domain-specific terms, abbreviations, and technical jargon used in the Vaani platform."
icon: "book-bookmark"
---

## A–D

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **Agent** | An AI-powered virtual assistant that handles phone calls or web chats. Defined by ~50 configuration fields. |
| **Agent Worker** | The LiveKit Agents process that executes real-time voice conversations. Runs `agent.py:entrypoint()`. |
| **AgentCaller** | The class extending `livekit.agents.Agent` that implements conversation logic and tool functions. |
| **Batch Item** | A single phone number within a batch job, with its own status tracking. |
| **Batch Job** | A collection of phone numbers uploaded via CSV to be called in sequence/parallel by a specific agent. |
| **Campaign** | A manual or CSV-imported collection of phone numbers for outbound calling, simpler than batch jobs. |
| **Celery** | Distributed task queue used for batch call dispatching and scheduled tasks. Uses Redis as broker. |
| **Cold Transfer** | Call transfer where the caller is immediately connected to the target without agent briefing. |
| **Custom Function** | A webhook-based tool that the agent can invoke during conversation (e.g., check inventory). |
| **Dispatch Rule** | A LiveKit SIP configuration that routes incoming calls on a trunk to an agent worker. |
| **Disposition** | The outcome/result category of a call (e.g., "successful-transfer", "hung-up", "do-not-call"). |
| **Dynamic Variables** | Template variables (e.g., `{{customer_name}}`) in system prompts replaced at runtime with per-call data. |

## E–L

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **Egress** | LiveKit's recording service that captures audio/video from rooms and uploads to S3. |
| **Entrypoint** | The `entrypoint()` async function in `agent.py` that handles the full lifecycle of a voice call. |
| **Factory Pattern** | Design pattern used by `LLMFactory`, `STTFactory`, `TTSFactory` to create provider-specific instances. |
| **Inbound Trunk** | A LiveKit SIP trunk that receives incoming calls from PSTN/telephony providers. |
| **JWT** | JSON Web Token — used for user authentication. Stored as `access_token` cookie; signed with HS256. |
| **Knowledge Base** | A collection of documents uploaded to an agent for RAG-based retrieval during conversations. |
| **LiveKit** | Open-source real-time communication platform providing WebRTC, SIP gateway, and agent SDK. |
| **LLM** | Large Language Model — the AI model powering the agent's conversation (e.g., GPT-4o, Groq). |

## M–R

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **Outbound Trunk** | A LiveKit SIP trunk used to initiate outgoing calls to PSTN numbers. |
| **Platform Cost** | Additional per-call cost charged by Vaani on top of provider costs. |
| **Pre-signed URL** | A time-limited S3 URL for accessing call recordings without AWS credentials. |
| **RAG** | Retrieval-Augmented Generation — LLM technique where relevant documents are injected into context. |
| **RBAC** | Role-Based Access Control — authorization system with admin/developer/member roles per workspace. |

## S–Z

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **SFU** | Selective Forwarding Unit — LiveKit's media routing architecture. |
| **SIP** | Session Initiation Protocol — standard for voice call signaling over IP networks. |
| **STT** | Speech-to-Text — converts spoken audio to text. Providers: Deepgram, Sarvam, Cartesia. |
| **Superuser** | A platform-level admin flag on the `User` model that grants access to all workspaces. |
| **TTS** | Text-to-Speech — converts text to spoken audio. 8 supported providers. |
| **Turn Detection** | VAD algorithm that detects when a user has finished speaking. |
| **VAD** | Voice Activity Detection — detects human speech in audio streams. |
| **VUI Widget** | Voice User Interface widget — embeddable React component connecting to agents via WebRTC. |
| **Warm Transfer** | Call transfer where the agent briefs the target party before connecting the caller. |
| **Workspace** | A multi-tenant organizational unit. All data is scoped to a workspace. |

Commit message:

added Campaign with Vaani dialer doc.n

developer-guide/dev-glossary.mdx, after:

---
title: "Glossary"
sidebarTitle: "Glossary"
description: "Definitions of all domain-specific terms, abbreviations, and technical jargon used in the Vaani platform."
icon: "book-bookmark"
---

## A–D

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **ActiveProspect** | A prospect that has been pulled from the hopper queue and is currently being called or waiting for a call. |
| **AMQP** | Advanced Message Queuing Protocol — the messaging protocol used by RabbitMQ for the dialer pipeline. |
| **Agent** | An AI-powered virtual assistant that handles phone calls or web chats. Defined by ~50 configuration fields. |
| **Agent Worker** | The LiveKit Agents process that executes real-time voice conversations. Runs `agent.py:entrypoint()`. |
| **AgentCaller** | The class extending `livekit.agents.Agent` that implements conversation logic and tool functions. |
| **Batch Item** | A single phone number within a batch job, with its own status tracking. |
| **Batch Job** | A collection of phone numbers uploaded via CSV to be called in sequence/parallel by a specific agent. |
| **Campaign** | An advanced outbound calling system with prospect management, timezone-aware scheduling, DNC compliance, and dialing controls. Managed via the Vaani Dialer (Django + Twisted). |
| **CampaignTick** | An event emitted by the Ticker at the campaign's `dialer_interval`. Consumed by Hopper, Dialer, and Scheduler. |
| **Celery** | Distributed task queue used for batch call dispatching and scheduled tasks. Uses Redis as broker. |
| **Cold Transfer** | Call transfer where the caller is immediately connected to the target without agent briefing. |
| **Custom Function** | A webhook-based tool that the agent can invoke during conversation (e.g., check inventory). |
| **Dispatch Rule** | A LiveKit SIP configuration that routes incoming calls on a trunk to an agent worker. |
| **Disposition** | The outcome/result category of a call (e.g., "interested", "not home", "do-not-call"). Campaigns use custom dispositions per campaign. |
| **Dynamic Variables** | Template variables (e.g., `{{customer_name}}`) in system prompts replaced at runtime with per-call data. |

## E–L

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **Egress** | LiveKit's recording service that captures audio/video from rooms and uploads to S3. |
| **Entrypoint** | The `entrypoint()` async function in `agent.py` that handles the full lifecycle of a voice call. |
| **Factory Pattern** | Design pattern used by `LLMFactory`, `STTFactory`, `TTSFactory` to create provider-specific instances. |
| **Inbound Trunk** | A LiveKit SIP trunk that receives incoming calls from PSTN/telephony providers. |
| **JWT** | JSON Web Token — used for user authentication. Stored as `access_token` cookie; signed with HS256. |
| **Knowledge Base** | A collection of documents uploaded to an agent for RAG-based retrieval during conversations. |
| **LiveKit** | Open-source real-time communication platform providing WebRTC, SIP gateway, and agent SDK. |
| **LLM** | Large Language Model — the AI model powering the agent's conversation (e.g., GPT-4o, Groq). |

## M–R

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **Outbound Trunk** | A LiveKit SIP trunk used to initiate outgoing calls to PSTN numbers. |
| **Platform Cost** | Additional per-call cost charged by Vaani on top of provider costs. |
| **Pre-signed URL** | A time-limited S3 URL for accessing call recordings without AWS credentials. |
| **RAG** | Retrieval-Augmented Generation — LLM technique where relevant documents are injected into context. |
| **RBAC** | Role-Based Access Control — authorization system with admin/developer/member roles per workspace. |

## S–Z

| Term | Definition |
|------|-----------|
| **Hopper** | The Vaani Dialer component that fills the prospect queue by selecting prospects based on priority, timezone, DNC, and expiry rules. |
| **Scheduler (Dialer)** | The Vaani Dialer component that handles scheduling requests — callback queuing, time-delayed prospects, and coordination. |
| **Semaphore** | A locking mechanism used by the dialer to serialize fill and dial operations per campaign. |
| **SFU** | Selective Forwarding Unit — LiveKit's media routing architecture. |
| **SIP** | Session Initiation Protocol — standard for voice call signaling over IP networks. |
| **STT** | Speech-to-Text — converts spoken audio to text. Providers: Deepgram, Sarvam, Cartesia. |
| **Superuser** | A platform-level admin flag on the `User` model that grants access to all workspaces. |
| **Ticker** | The Vaani Dialer component that emits `CampaignTick` events at each campaign's `dialer_interval` (2–15 seconds). |
| **TTS** | Text-to-Speech — converts text to spoken audio. 8 supported providers. |
| **Turn Detection** | VAD algorithm that detects when a user has finished speaking. |
| **Twisted** | Event-driven networking framework used by the Vaani Dialer for async AMQP operations. |
| **VAD** | Voice Activity Detection — detects human speech in audio streams. |
| **VUI Widget** | Voice User Interface widget — embeddable React component connecting to agents via WebRTC. |
| **Warm Transfer** | Call transfer where the agent briefs the target party before connecting the caller. |
| **Workspace** | A multi-tenant organizational unit. All data is scoped to a workspace. |
